The military in the United States is one of the full of benefit packages
you can imagine. They give you housing and food when you were on
base. They give you money to live a decent life. They they give you
a good retirement plan with health coverage that you don't have worry
about. They give you camaraderie. They give you recreation they give
you time off. They give you moral support. %HESITATIO And they give
you honor. The military, one the good things about the military see
if you do a good job you don't just get an envoy from your boss they
stand up in front of a group of people and give you a piece of paper
or a ribon or a metal and say you did a good job you're really
special. And that's got to make people feel better about themselves.
So those are some of the benefits you get in the Navy or the Marine
Corps or the Army or the Airforce. You know its of full benefit package
they demand a lot of you. If you deploy later going to combat you're
working twenty four hours a day seven days a week. You know there's
no time where you can say no I don't want to do it. You just gotta
get up and do it, but they eat they give back to you many fold.